---
layout: page
title: International Conferences
---


<span style="font-family:sans-serif; font-size:.8em;"> [C13] **Amirul Islam**, N. Thomos, and L. Musavian, “[Achieving uRLLC with Machine Learning Based Vehicular OCC](),” Accepted for publication at _2022 IEEE Global Communications Conference (GLOBECOM)_, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Dec. 2022.</span>  
<span style="font-family:sans-serif; font-size:.8em;"> [C12] **Amirul Islam**, L. Musavian, and N. Thomos, “[Multi-agent deep reinforcement learning in vehicular OCC](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&amp;arnumber=9860869),” in Proc. of _2022 IEEE 95th Vehicular Technology Conference (VTC2022-Spring)_ Helsinki, Finland, Jun. 2022, pp. 1-6.</span>  
<span style="font-family:sans-serif; font-size:.8em;"> [C11] **Amirul Islam**, L. Musavian, and N. Thomos, “[Performance analysis of vehicular optical camera communications: Roadmap to uRLLC](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/9013795),” in Proc. of _2019 IEEE Global Communications Conference (GLOBECOM)_, Waikoloa, HI, USA, Dec. 2019, pp. 1-6.</span>  
<span style="font-family:sans-serif; font-size:.8em;"> [C10] **Amirul Islam**, M. T. Hossain, M. Z. Chowdhury, and Y. M. Jang, “[Design of an indoor positioning scheme using artificial intelligence algorithms](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/8343265),” in Proc. of _32nd International Conference on Information Networking (ICOIN)_, Chang Mai, Thailand, Jan. 2018, pp. 953-956. </span>  
<span style="font-family:sans-serif; font-size:.8em;"> [C9]  **Amirul Islam**, M. T. Hossain, M. Z. Chowdhury, and Y. M. Jang, "[An indoor localization scheme Based on integrated artificial neural fuzzy logic](),” in Proc. of _IEEE Vehicular Technology Society Asia Pacific Wireless Communications Symposium (APWCS)_, Incheon, Korea, Aug. 2017. (Not Online)</span>  
<span style="font-family:sans-serif; font-size:.8em;"> [C8]  **Amirul Islam**, M. T. Hossain, and Y. M. Jang, "[Introduction of optical camera communication for internet of vehicles (IoV)](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/7993760)," in Proc. of _2017 Ninth International Conference on Ubiquitous and Future Networks (ICUFN)_, Milan, Italy, Jul. 2017, pp. 122-125.</span>  
<span style="font-family:sans-serif; font-size:.8em;"> [C7]  M. T. Hossain, M. Z. Chowdhury, **Amirul Islam**, and Y. M. Jang, "[Simplified photogrammetry using optical camera communication for indoor positioning](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/7993761)," in Proc. of _2017 Ninth International Conference on Ubiquitous and Future Networks (ICUFN)_, Milan, Italy, Jul. 2017, pp. 126-130. </span>  
<span style="font-family:sans-serif; font-size:.8em;"> [C6]  **Amirul Islam**, M. A. Hossain, T. Nguyen, and Y. M. Jang, "[High temporal-spatial resolution optical wireless communication technique using image sensor](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/7763396)," in Proc. of _2016 International Conference on Information and Communication Technology Convergence (ICTC)_, Jeju Island, South Korea, 2016, pp. 1165-1169.</span>  
<span style="font-family:sans-serif; font-size:.8em;"> [C5]  M. A. Hossain, **Amirul Islam**, and Y. M. Jang, "[Effects of viewing angle between camera and display in invisible image sensor communication](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/7763412)," in Proc. of _2016 International Conference on Information and Communication Technology Convergence (ICTC)_, Jeju Island, South Korea, 2016, pp. 1221-1223. </span>  
<span style="font-family:sans-serif; font-size:.8em;"> [C4]  **Amirul Islam**, M. A. Hossain, and Y. M. Jang, "[Interference mitigation technique for time-of-flight (ToF) camera](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/7537001)," in Proc. of _2016 Eighth International Conference on Ubiquitous and Future Networks (ICUFN)_, Vienna, Jul. 2016, pp. 134-139. </span>  
<span style="font-family:sans-serif; font-size:.8em;"> [C3]  M. A. Hossain, **Amirul Islam**, and Y. M. Jang, "[Pixel to signal conversion based invisible image sensor communication](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/7537068)," in Proc. of _2016 Eighth International Conference on Ubiquitous and Future Networks (ICUFN)_, Vienna, Jul. 2016, pp. 448-452. </span>  
<span style="font-family:sans-serif; font-size:.8em;"> [C2]  T. Nguyen, N. T. Lee, M. A. Hossain, C. H. Hong, **Amirul Islam**, and Y. M. Jang, "[Flicker-free spatial-PSK modulation scheme for vehicular image sensor communications](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/7537000)," in Proc. of _2016 Eighth International Conference on Ubiquitous and Future Networks (ICUFN)_, Vienna, Jul. 2016, pp. 128-133. </span>  
<span style="font-family:sans-serif; font-size:.8em;"> [C1]  **Amirul Islam**, M. A. Hossain, and Y. M. Jang, "Software defined networking enabled digital signage for disaster management," in proc. of _2015 KICS Korea and Southeast Asia ICT International Workshop_, Siem Reap, Cambodia, 21-23 Dec. 2015.</span>
